---
title: "Okay, so..."
date: 2026-07-20 23:13:01 +0100
categories:
  - Blog
  - Poems
tags:
  - rambling
  - philosophy
  - social media
  - youtube
---

## ‎ 
### Okay, so...
I've tried this once before\\
But I boxed myself in too deeply,\\
Into a single façade of my\\
Overall character

Okay, so...\\
All I want from this\\
Facet of my life\\
Is to show what I enjoy\\
To others who enjoy

Okay, so...\\
I'll try not to overthink\\
For I know what I'll keep\\
And in which places\\
I'll hide my limits

Okay, so...\\
I hope I've figured out\\
The motivation that I need\\
To carry on enjoying\\
As ridiculous as I sound

Okay, so...\\
Please forgive my scattered writing\\
My overuse of this or that\\
The improperness or impoliteness

And a bad ending here or there...

# Some Ramble
## Social Media and Creating
I was never an avid social media poster; I got quite into browsing sites like Reddit and Twitter on a daily commute when I was younger, but then I slowly stopped using Reddit, and Twitter became a cesspool. But, I always felt like I missed out on something: that early social media phase where people would just put on something that flashed through their mind on some random occasion. It's something that's not totally forgotten, but certainly not totally there either.

Anyway, despite my consistent use of social media, I never shared much on it, apart from YouTube. Something I miss doing regularly, and therefore never really stopped fully. But I began to realise that one cannot sustain creating so much so swiftly while one's standards rapidly rise. When I wasn't even a teenager, I didn't care if what I made was good because I *always* thought it was good (and quite often, it was not).

That's not to say I'm not proud of the things in the past -- or at least what's left of them: don't delete things. I'm immensely proud of what I accomplished with my skills and interests and talents at the time. But, and I understand how youthfully arrogant this can sound, with my additional life experience now, and the ever-growing want to learn about the world through different people's accounts, I finally want to show some of my opinions as well.

Just, opinions about things that I enjoy.

## So here's the plan...
Despite me having a website with a whole... **3** blogs previously *(wow I really tried there, didn't I?)*, I finally know what I want to do. It's rather simple, really:
1. YouTube videos where it makes sense.  
I have a few ideas on what would work on YouTube videos -- and each video will almost certainly have an associated blog post, as I planned to do ages ago. But the primary thing I plan on doing is keeping all the YouTube videos in less narrow categories. If I am to categorise them into different channels, it would be because the overlap is so narrow, it wouldn't make sense for the viewer.
2. Opinion pieces on books, films, music, etc..  
I'm not an avid reader, but I'd like to be. But I feel like I know when my opinion deserves to be shared about a piece of literature. I can really enjoy something, and treasure it above anything else, and realise that I don't have anything to say. On the contrary, I can enjoy something, but have additional things to pick apart and add -- that's what I'd like to focus on here. The exact same applies to films and music, with the latter having to be really selective on what I write about, otherwise be prepared for a several-thousand word essay on one David Bowie song.
3. Essays on other nonsense.  
Because while I'm not an avid reader... (or shall we say "wasn't"), I am an avid writer. I've developed a wonderful habit of writing something poetic every night. This was initially a habit to develop my practice of writing song lyrics, but often I have this damning idea in my head of some philosophical idea, or poignant view of the world that I wish I gave myself the canvas to spread to others clearly, instead of wrapping it behind a song. Don't get me wrong, some of my favourite lyrics have come from these ideas... but sometimes I just want to say what I'm thinking, not think about what I'm saying.

And that's it. So, why did I start this talking about social media? Well, because I feel like the Internet is a brilliant piece of technology that has completely revolutionised how we communicate with each other, and we have not taken advantage of that enough -- or at least, I feel I haven't taken advantage enough. I want this to be what I want social media to be: a place to share what *I* want to share. And I don't care about optimising the number of people who see it, because if you came across this like a social media account,  I doubt you'd give it as much thought as if you came across this at 2 in the morning, drunk on the ever-gnawing jaw of society roaring at you to fall asleep. Don't fall asleep just yet, listen to what this drunkard has to say first.

...and I hope you enjoy.

